https://www.lrt.lt/mediateka/video/gustavo-enciklopedija?rss
https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/feed/
http://suckless.org/atom.xml
https://godotengine.org/rss.xml

# Repos
https://github.com/Ralim/IronOS/releases.atom "repo"

# Reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn.rss "reddit"
https://www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket.rss "reddit"
https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards.rss "reddit"

# Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsooa4yRKGN_zEE8iknghZA "youtube" # TED Ed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCODtTcd5M1JavPCOr_Uydg "youtube" # Extra Credits
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw "youtube" # GMTK
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0fDG3byEcMtbOqPMymDNbw "youtube" # Noclip
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaoqVlqPTH78_xjTjTOMcmQ "youtube" # Miz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A "youtube" # Tom Scott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA "youtube" # Veratasium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbQalJ4OaC0oQ0AqRaOJ9g "youtube" # Jay Foreman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A "youtube" # Numberphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOuddH5GyBXp-_tv_ASdp_A "youtube" # Nick Robinson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw "youtube" # Linus Tech Tips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdBK94H6oZT2Q7l0-b0xmMg "youtube" # Short Circuit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA "youtube" # Tech Linked
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA "youtube" # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA "youtube" # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg "youtube" # Distro Tube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0e3QhIYukixgh5VVpKHH9Q "youtube" # Code Bullet
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY3A_5R_m3PXCn5XDhvBBsg "youtube" # Adam Millard
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w "youtube" # Live Overflow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY1kMZp36IQSyNx_9h4mpCg "youtube" # Mark Rober
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQALLeQPoZdZC4JNUboVEUg "youtube" # Jabrils
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE1jXbVAGJQEORz9nZqb5bQ "youtube" # Ahoy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRcgy6GzDeccI7dkbbBna3Q "youtube" # LEMMiNO
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsn9MzwyPKeCE6MEGtMU4gg "youtube" # MortMort
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfVFSjHQ57zyxajhhRc7i0g "youtube" # GameHut

# Twitter Walls
https://birdsite.xanny.family/itadaki_yasu/media/rss "walls"
https://birdsite.xanny.family/zeen_chin/media/rss "walls"
https://birdsite.xanny.family/_8bitwizard/media/rss "walls"
https://birdsite.xanny.family/aki001208/media/rss "walls"
